But madam, don't worry, we can't help it.
I will report to him in the morning, middle and evening, okay?
Madam ordered us to protect you 24 hours a day
What kind of society is it now? Our rule of law society
Madam said shut up
Zhang Boran, who are those two?
If you two don't leave, I'll call the police and sue you two for harassment. Get out of here
Then if you have anything to do, please call us
Are you expecting something to happen to me?
roll
Zhang Buren
Tang Lv, who were those two people just now?
My college classmate, college classmate?
I didn't expect to see you so weak
So you have such high prestige in front of your college classmates?
After all, I was a monitor before
I said why do you look like a dog?
Is it the monitor?
Zhang, why don't you talk about me being mentally retarded?
You don't keep your eyes open to see who you're standing in front of.
You should lie and talk nonsense in front of my face
I thought you worked hard today, and I was quite satisfied.
Say who sent you to Kinmen
Why can you approach me? What are my intentions?
If you don't make it clear, I won't let you stay in Kinmen for a minute
Don't think I'm not a senior partner now
But I have the right.
I can kick you out anytime
Sure enough, nothing has changed